---
layout: default
title: Exhibitions prototypes
category: portfolio
modal-id: 3
img: 8340.png
alt: Prototypes touchscreens museum
client: We The Curious
application: Various prototypes
project-date: April 2018 - January 2020
languages:
- C#
- WPF
- JavaScript
- React!
- NodeJs
concepts:
- Touch-screen
- Surveys
- Windows
tools:
- Visual Studio Code
- Git
- Visual Studio
- Adobe PhotoShop
stack:
- Windows
- C#
- SQLite
- .NET
- JavaScript
- React!
---

### Project Description

Working with the Exhibitions team of We The Curious I had the task to build basic prototypes as proof of concept for future exhibitions.

The were tested with real visitors. The feedback collected will be very useful for the final versions of the exhibitions.

Some examples:

* ***Camouflage touch-screen app***

Exhibition aiming a feeling of wonder/amazement at how the natural world achieves invisibility through camouflage:

<div style="text-align:center;">
   <video src="videos/8340.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/8340.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>

<br/>
<br/>

* ***Video slider touch-screen app***

Application for a touch-screen display showing that telomeres are part of our chromosomes and that control how fast we age over time:

<div style="text-align:center;">
   <video src="videos/8442.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/8442.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>

<br/>
<br/>
  
* ***Personality survey***

Prototype to give the visitor the chance to playfully think about what makes me, me. 

Visitors can select the different facets of their identity and enter a unique question about themselves that defines them.

This final design will use manual switches and many more features but this digital version was useful to retrieve data and experiment about different aspects of the personality:

<div style="text-align:center;">
   <video src="videos/8110.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/8110.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>

<br/>
<br/>

* ***Content reader***

Prototype for touch-screen showing Interpretative content and collecting visitors votes:

<div style="text-align:center;">
   <video src="videos/8770.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/8770.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

### Contributions

Design and deployment of basic prototypes to use on touch-screens


### Challenges Overcame

Working with a Team going through the proccess of having an idea to an application. 

These projects gave me the chance to learn a lot and get a bigger picture about this proccess. 


### Accomplishments

We managed to build several prototypes very quickly, make changes rapidly according the visitors feedback.

This process will give us a better final exhibitions :)

