---
layout: default
title: Human clock
category: portfolio
modal-id: 4
img: 8450.png
alt: Screenshot of human clock first prototype
client: We The Curious
application: Human Clock
project-date: November 2018 - December 2018
languages:
- C#
- WPF
concepts:
- Motion sensing
- Gesture recognition
- Windows
tools:
- Kinect for Windows SDK
- Git
- Visual Studio
stack:
- Windows
- C#
- SQLite
- .NET
---

### Project Description

I had the chance to work towards a prototype to give visitors the chance to think about and feel how long they perceive a minute to be – and discover that our perception of time is fluid and affected by our surroundings/situation.

An in-house-built using an spare Kinect camera.

Here is a video of the first early prototype:

<div style="text-align:center;">
   <video src="videos/8450.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/8450.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>

The Kinect camera will detect the right hand joint and the clock slider will be dragged along the hand.


“Get ready to move your arm around you like a clock”:

- After ‘GO’, the instructional text disappears. The clock face icon and image of the user remain.
- The user should rotate their arm in a counter-clockwise motion.
- The rotation of the minute-hand of the clock will follow the movement of the user’s hand. 
- The user should rotate their arm in a full circle over the course of one minute (or as close as they can approximate it).
- When the user has rotated their arm in a full circle and returned to ’12’, the screen gives the text “Your time was: XX:XX”, where XX:XX is the amount of time taken for the user to complete a circle.

### Contributions

Design and deployment of an Human Clock prototype.


### Challenges Overcame

This project gave me the chance to learn about motion sense camera (Kinect in this prototype) 

It was very easy to use with the Kinect SDK, the visitors who tested it loved it.

### Accomplishments

Trying to estimate the length of a minute, we think about what time really is, and how we might all perceive time differently 

Using an spare Kinect camera was a quick way to build this prototype with virtually no cost!
