---
layout: default
title: LiFi tables
category: portfolio
modal-id: 7
img: lifi.png
alt: LiFi logo
client: We The Curious
application: Raspberry Pi for LiFi table
project-date: November 2019 - December 2019
languages:
- shell scripts
- NFS protocol
- JavaScript
- TCP/IP
concepts:
- LiFi communication
- Encryption
- Raspbian
- NFS
- client / server LiFi
tools:
- Git
- Postman
- GNU C++
- Visual Studio
stack:
- Raspbian
- LiFi
- NFS
---

### Project Description

I had the luck to get involved again with a new technology for me: LiFi!

Amazing! Does it really work was my first question!

The goal of this project was to build two tables with embeded TV's that would use the LiFi communication.

<div style="text-align:center;">
	<video src="videos/lifi_accesspoint.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/lifi.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
	<video src="videos/lifi_moving.mp4" poster="img/portfolio/lifi.png" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>
</div>	

Each table unit has a monitor and a Raspberry Pi inside (client).

It is designed to play a video located in another Raspberry Pi (“server”) hosted by the Bristol University.

When the LiFi access point is visible it plays the video located in the server. When the LiFi access point is not visible it plays three local slides (1 minute each).

The “server” or “sharer” just shares a folder with the video we want to play with the allowed addresses using NFS protocol.

Images of the SD cards (server and client) are ready to burn to a new SD card if new units are required or need to be replaced.


### Contributions

My primary contributions were:

* Research about LiFi protocol
* Design proof of concept
* Deployment client and server
* Test

### Challenges Overcame

This was my first experience using LiFi technology and it was surprisingly easy and super fun.

The biggest challenge was the glass thickness. Due to safety reason the glass covering the table needs to be quite thick to be secure. This slows down the data transfer and I had to keep that in mind.

This was a chance to keep everything as simple as possible using native tools and protocols.

### Accomplishments

This project was very exciting for the chance of using LiFi devices.

It was very satisfactory as well because the tables are located in the entrance of We The Curios, pop over to see them!

The skills I developed most were:

* LiFi communication
* Client - server model
* Wireless devices
* Raspberry Pi
* Final user safety procedures